# Identity Engine (OIE):

This engines does not have the fixed state machine, instead okta will provide the next steps based on the **remediation object** (an object which will be dynamically generated by the policy of the corresponding User). <br>

**remediation** - a processs of fixing / correcting / improving something that is damaged / wromg. <br>

1. This remediation object will be specific to the user and groups.
2. If the okta admin updates the policy, then there will be completly a new policy will be generated and the remediation object will also new one.
3. Here we perform the **Interaction Code Grant (IDX) API** to authenticate the user, instead of AuthN and Factors API in classic engine.

## Why Identity engine:

In Classic, MFA enrollment will be split into 2 set of policies, for example MFA enrollment policy (enforcing the factors users to register in factors) and Sign On policy (challenging the user with teh register factor). Here the **Client need to aware** of these 2 policy while performing the AuthN call where user will listen to `MFA_REQUIRED` and `MFA_CHALLENGE` actions. Here Client need to aware of all these steps and need to perform the actions based on this. <br>

But in Identity Engine, we too have the policies, but here the MFA enrollment will be attached to the App (refernec assurance level), like **require a phishing resistent factor**, **allow okta fastpass** (bypassing the push token and password less login). So the **interospect** API call will guide through what need to be done as the part of the policy.

## Steps of the Identity Engine
This engine, will have the series of API calls. they are,

1. well-known/openid-configuration
2. Interact
3. Interospect
4. Remdeiation (its not the API call but the logic to remediate the response of interospect call)
5. Exchange.

### openid-config API call:

The JSON response of this API response will hold the Meta data of the Okta authorization server. This response can be broadly separated into 3 set,

1. Endpoints -> all set of issuer endpoints
2. Capabilities - Scope, Claims etc
3. Identity

There are 2 set of API calls, Org specific and Custom Authorization server. Each of the server will return different set of details.

1. Org -> well-known/open-id-configuration
2. Custom Authorizer - /oauth2/{auth_server_id}/.well-known/open-id-configuration

### Interact
